RHDEVDOCS-5177-update-prereqs-for-viewing-metrics-list (#59578)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-viewing-a-list-of-available-metrics.adoc

As a cluster administrator or as a user with view permissions for all projects, you can view a list of metrics available in a cluster and output the list in JSON format.

.Prerequisites
* You are a cluster administrator, or you have access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-monitoring-view` role.
* You have installed the {product-title} CLI (`oc`).
* You have obtained the {product-title} API route for Thanos Querier.

> * You have logged in to your `oc` session by using a bearer token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can get bearer token via `oc whoami -t`.
```
since kube admin user can log in cluster with `oc login $<apiserver> -u kubeadmin -p $<password>`

Author: Updated the wording per your suggestion.
